docs: removing first person from 2 sentences (#37768)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/dependency-injection-providers.md

That authorization can change during the course of a single application session,
as when you log in a different user.

Imagine that you don't want to inject `UserService` directly into `HeroService`, because you don't want to complicate that service with security-sensitive information.
`HeroService` won't have direct access to the user information to decide
who is authorized and who isn't.

> To resolve this, the `HeroService` constructor is given a boolean flag to control display of secret heroes.

Reviewer: How about this? It keeps the sentence in the active voice:
```suggestion
To resolve this, give the `HeroService` constructor a boolean flag to control display of secret heroes.
```
